# LeetCode Challenges
At the time of writing this, the project that I'm currently working on is very backend-focused. In an attempt to improve my problem-solving abilities (but more importantly, fill the void left in my heart from stepping away from JavaScript for this project), I've decided to take on a LeetCode challenge or two every day (mostly on weekdays over Lunch or in the morning before I start my routine, may miss a day here or there based on schedule).

The under the repo's root, there will be a folder called _challenges_ which will house a new subfolder for each challenge with a naming format of `#${CHALLENGE_NUMBER} - ${CHALLENGE_NAME}`. In each folder, there will be a _README.md_ file that contains the question, a _template.js_ file that contains the template for the solution that LeetCode has provided, and a file called _solution.js_, which will contain the (aptly named) solution.

The actual solution will involve only native ES6 code (no external dependencies / libraries unless specifically stated in the challenge description). I'll also provide a comment at the top of the file that indicates the relative stats that LeetCode provides with regards to how my solution compares to that of other developers. I'll provide another comment at the end of the file that will mentions any concerns, struggles, tradeoffs, or anything worth mentioning of my solution. I won't be looking at the provided solution on LeetCode (as I feel that would be cheating), and will reference any resources that I used in the comments at the bottom of the file.

I'll be using the provided examples for my tests. You can run the tests if you have the `jest-cli` dependency install globally by navigating to the challenge subfolder and running `jest`. Otherwise, you can install the jest dependency with npm (it's included as a dev dependency in each challenge subfolder) and run `npm test` to execute the tests. You'll need Node's major version to be at least 14, as some of my solutions use code that is only available at that major version (such as optional chaining).